The Rewards Home page currently has two shortcuts namely "Locate Points" and "Redeem Coins", beneath the personlised reward cards. There needs
to be third button - "Set a Goal". 

The space underneath the shortcuts will have a clickable icon for "personlise your LBG Coin experience". This icon along with the text needs to be displayed
centrally both height wise and breadth wise of the space available.


SCREEN 1(a):
DESCRIPTION: The screens we are building is a mobile application. When we click on "Set a Goal"
button in Rewards Home/Dasboard page, a modal should open with the background screen blur, the modal should 
use the 80% height of ILRP Dasboard page and 90% width of the ILRP Dasboard page. Inside that sceren
outside of the border at top right, a title should come with "Your Workspace", and inside the modal, at top there
should be an anchor text "Hi, What are you looking for today?" and then a title for a text box with some lines which
is "Enter Objective" and a text box to add some lines of text in that box and then a next bottom at
the bottom of the box and then a image should come with some height and width and at the bottom of
the screen there should come three progress bars, the respective bar should be highlighted. Once we
click on the next button it should move to screen 1(a) and 2nd progress bar should be highlighted

SCREEN 1(b):
DESCRIPTION: The screen will have the title at the top with "Summary of your Objective" and after
summary with few lines of text whihc is generated by AI  there should come two buttons which are 
"MODIFY" and "NEXT" and next a image that suits the page, and then the progress bar in which the 
2nd one is highlighted. if we click on "MODIFY" button, it should move to SCREEN 1(a) with the 
text box editable and then if we clicks on "NEXT" button it should go to SCREEN1 1(b) page, and 
if we click on "NEXT" button in SCREEN 1(b), it should move to SCREEN 1(c)

SCREEN 1(c): 
DESCRIPTION: the 3rd progress bar should be highlighted in this screen, at the top a short
text hero of objective should come and then the list of constarinst that customer gave should come 
with and icon of applied, below that list there should be a "MODIFY" and "NEXT" button where modify
will move to SCREEN 1(a) and Next will move to SCREEN 2(a) and then an Image should come which suits
that screen.

SCREEN 2(a): 
DESCRIPTION: SCREEN 2 is another page with again 3 progress bars at the bottom, SCREEN 2(a) should
have a text hero of objective in simple terms and then the next box should have a "Reward Opportunites"
that is generated by AI, and if there are more than 3 plans then add a carousel with a small forward
and backward arrow, and below that there should be a "NEXT" button, and then the image should display which suits the screen, and a progress bar1
should be highlighted. If we click on the "NEXT" button it should move to SCREEN 2(b)

SCREEN 2(b):
DESCRIPTION: when this page comes, the 2nd progress bar should be highlighted, there should be a
"Strategy Cards" displayed which are generated by AI, those are the plans customer should select, the plans can be up 
to 3, which are in order of first should be "Simplicity plan", second should be "Maximum redeem value plan". and then
the next should be the tools which user can select and ask the AI by clicking, the tools can be "Understand", "Compare",
"Consolidate", "change constarinst", "Learn more", it can be dispalyed as a buttons in a grid format, and then at right
side "NEXT" button should come and then a image which suits the screen. The user should select one of the plan and then the 
"NEXT" button is enabled and if we click on "NEXT" button, the SCREEN 2(c) will come

SCREEN 2(c):
DESCRIPTION: when user clicks on "NEXT" button on SCREEN 2(b), this screen should come with the 3rd progress bar highlighted,
the title of that screen should display "Strategy card selected by th user" and then a box which contains the "Conginitive Evidence" which is given by AI.
and then at the right side of after that, a "NEXT" button should come. and then an Image which suits the screen.

SCREEN 3(a):
DESCRIPTION: If the user clicks on "NEXT" button of SCREEN 2(c) after selecting the 'Simplicity' plan, it should come to this page displaying the three progress bars at the bottom,
with 1st progress bar highlighted, and at top a "Plan Hero Card" details which was selected by user should come and then the Exectution steps should come 
in order Step 1, Step 2.... and then an Image should come that suits the screen.

SCREEN 3(b):
DESCRIPTION: If the user clicks on Step 1 option , which is "redirecting to the Cavendish Online for redeeming points", the screen should come with Plane Hero card only step 1 details which should indicates 
that the step 1 is running with an Icon, and then an Image and 2nd progress bar is highlighted, the step 1 is move to an Cavendish Online app, if we click 
on that a confirmation popup should come that we are redirecting to the Cavendish Online application, if user clicks on "OK", then the app moves to canvendish.
Once we redirect to Cavendish and after finishing the payment, we need to redirect to the SCREEN 3(c) page and the loading of step 1 should come with a 
tick icon.and then move to the SCREEN 3(c)

SCREEN 3(c):
DESCRIPTION: The 3rd progress bar should be highlighted and the page should contains a Execution Successful page if the payment is scuussfully done in
Cavendish Online application. otherwise a Execution Step Failure message should come with details of where failure happend. and then the Image whcih suits
the screen should come. and then there should be a button that will redirect to the rewards dashboard page.

SCREEN 4(a):
DESCRIPTION: If the user clicks on "NEXT" button of SCREEN 2(c) after selecting the "Maximum redeem value plan', it should come to this page displaying the three progress bars at the bottom,
with 1st progress bar highlighted, and at top a "Plan Hero Card" details which was selected by user should come and then the Exectution steps should come 
in order Step 1, Step 2.... and then an Image should come that suits the screen. Step 1 is redirect to Alphamedicol app for consolidating popints, step 2 is 
redirecting to the Cavendish Online app for redeeming points.

SCREEN 4(b):
DESCRIPTION: If the user clicks on Step 1 option , which is "redirecting to the Alphamedicol app for consolidating points", the screen should come with Plane Hero card only step 1 details which should indicates 
that the step 1 is running with an Icon, and then an Image and 2nd progress bar is highlighted, the step 1 is move to an Alphamedicol app, if we click 
on that a confirmation popup should come that we are redirecting to the Alphamedicol application, if user clicks on "OK", then the app moves to Alphamedicol.
Once we redirect to Alphamedicol and after transaferring the points, we need to redirect to the SCREEN 3(c) page and the loading of step 1 should come with a 
tick icon.and then user click on Step 2 which will move to SCREEN 4(c)

SCREEN 4(c):
DESCRIPTION: If the user clicks on Step 2 option , which is "redirecting to the Cavendish Online for redeeming points", the screen should come with Plane Hero card only step 1 details which should indicates 
that the step 2 is running with an Icon, and then an Image and 2nd progress bar is highlighted, the step 2 is move to an Cavendish Online app, if we click 
on that a confirmation popup should come that we are redirecting to the Cavendish Online application, if user clicks on "OK", then the app moves to canvendish.
Once we redirect to Cavendish and after finishing the payment, we need to redirect to the SCREEN 3(c) page and the loading of step 2 should come with a 
tick icon.and then move to the SCREEN 3(c)













there should
come a text box to enter by the customer, which should occupy the space inside the modal, and a Save
button at the end of the box, after clicking on save button, in one line two buttons should come at 
bottom of the text box which is "MODIFY" and "CONFIRM", and then next sapce should be used for image
which explains that screen easily to a customer. and then at bottom there should be a progress bar
that respective progress bar should be highlighted.